
Stand-up: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPH9igKAHVs
   Summary:
      In the standup meeting, we briefly connected on our current progress for each of our sections of the project by individually answering
      3 questions: "What did I accomplish today?", "What will I do today?", and "What obstacles are impeding my progress?". As a finished         
      product comes closer into view, what remains for our project is working out bugs, testing, optimization, and adding or changing   
      features. Errors regarding the stream, database, and UI are discussed. We also talk about removing the date/time filtering in order  
      to save on storage and time. New features such as adding specific sports searches are brought up as well. 

Retrospective: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhtMHoFrE3w
   Summary:
      The retrospective on our last sprint cycle iteration reported our progress thus far, identifying which things worked well and which
      did not. Overall, in the last two weeks, a lot of progress was made toward a completed product. Some goals that were set and completed
      include creating a working stream parser, a functional database, making it run on a webserver, and making it plot to the maps api.
      This was a huge amount of progress considering that a fundamental component of our project is to collect, store, and display data from twitter.
      Although more testing will need to be done, with this component in place, we can begin adding more features and work toward improving our project 
      Some goals that were not met include adding the filter by location and filter by date/time features. These may have been unreasonable expectations to 
      complete in the two week time in addition to creating a working stream parser. We intend to add the filter by location feature in the next
      cycle, but as previously discussed in the stand-up meeting, we will not be including the date/time filtering due to limited storage. Overall,
      the next steps that we will face will be to continue to work out bugs and add other key features.
